OSDOCS-16988-5-CQA3: CQA PR 5.1 for INSTALL-1: Core Installation Conc (#113738)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/installation-special-config-encryption-threshold.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * installing/install_config/installing-customizing.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="installation-special-config-encryption-threshold_{context}"]
= Configuring an encryption threshold

[role="_abstract"]

> In {product-title}, you can specify a requirement for more than one Tang server. You can also configure the TPM v2 and Tang encryption modes simultaneously. This enables boot disk data decryption only if the TPM secure cryptoprocessor is present and the Tang servers are accessible over a secure network.

Reviewer: Anthropomorphism? (I think it's fine and perfectly clear; but, no one listens to me anyway....)

```suggestion
In {product-title}, you can specify a requirement for more than one Tang server. You can also configure the TPM v2 and Tang encryption modes simultaneously. Configuring both modes enables boot disk data decryption only if the TPM secure cryptoprocessor is present and the Tang servers are accessible over a secure network.
```

Author: :heavy_check_mark:

+
.Example Butane configuration for disk encryption
[source,yaml,subs="attributes+"]
----
variant: openshift
version: {product-version}.0
metadata:
  name: worker-storage
  labels:
    machineconfiguration.openshift.io/role: worker
boot_device:
  layout: x86_64
  luks:
    tpm2: true
    tang:
      - url: http://tang1.example.com:7500
        thumbprint: jwGN5tRFK-kF6pIX89ssF3khxxX
      - url: http://tang2.example.com:7500
        thumbprint: VCJsvZFjBSIHSldw78rOrq7h2ZF
      - url: http://tang3.example.com:7500
        thumbprint: PLjNyRdGw03zlRoGjQYMahSZGu9
        advertisement: "{\"payload\": \"...\", \"protected\": \"...\", \"signature\": \"...\"}"
    threshold: 2
openshift:
  fips: true
----
+
where:

`boot_device.layout`:: Specifies the instruction set architecture of the cluster nodes. Some examples include, `x86_64`, `aarch64`, or `ppc64le`.
`boot_device.luks.tpm2`:: Specifies if you want to use a Trusted Platform Module (TPM) to encrypt the root file system.

> `boot_device.luks.tang`:: Specifies if you want to use one or more Tang servers.

Reviewer: This seems more certain:
```suggestion
`boot_device.luks.tpm2`:: When `true`, specifies that you want to use a Trusted Platform Module (TPM) to encrypt the root file system.
`boot_device.luks.tang`:: Specifies that you want to use the listed Tang servers.
```

Author: :heavy_check_mark:
